Lord Shen
My grandfather heard that you were recently named the king of side by side
He insisted that I invite you to his house
I can't stop you from watching
Would you like to come?
After all, Bai Qianci is the fiancee favored by True God
Now that I have really received the inheritance of the Lord God
I still go
I'll go. Okay.
Then I'll wait for you.
Lord God, slow down
Who is this kid?
Grandpa holds a family business
Who let you bring an outsider in?
Third Young Master, this is Second Miss's fiancé
Second Miss's fiancé
Just finished being sealed, one word side by side with the king
This kid is a stall
sloppy
Where is it like a king side by side
Besides, the Lord God has just been sealed
Every day
Did the second lady call me at will?
It must be a substitute found by the second lady
Get him out of here
Everyone comes home